 Questions:
 - What was your **overall approach** to tackling this project?
 - What **new thing(s)** did you learn / figure out in completing this project?
 - Is there anything that you wish you had **implemented differently**?
 - If you had **unlimited time**, what additional features would you implement?
 - What was the most helpful **piece of feedback** you received while working on your project? Who gave it to you?
 - If you could go back in time and give your past self some **advice** about this project, what hints would you give?
 - _If you worked with a team:_ please comment on how your **team dynamics** influenced your experience working on this project.


 Chiashi Yang: 
 My overall approach to tackling this project was to manage my time and ask for help. I wanted to make sure that I gave myself enough time to code my classes instead of scrambling to finish everything. In addition, I made sure to ask for help whenever I was confused about how to approach something. Something new I learned while completing this project was how to use and implement 2D arrays. Because I was in charge of the map, I had to experiment with different methods and figure out ways to connect the player to the map. I definitely had to do a lot of trial and error but eventually figured it out. I do wish that I had implemented the barista class differently, specifically with just having cleaner code. Additionally, I wish we would have spread out the ingredients throughout the map instead of just having all the ingredients for a drink in one spot. If I had unlimited time, I would implement more riddles and add more NPCs. The most helpful feedback I received while working on this project was about my move method. I was having a lot of trouble with the logic and how to implement it, so my sister gave me some feedback. If I could give my past self some hints, I would say "You'll need a lot more methods than you think, and don't stress too much about the project. Everything will come together." I worked in a 3-person team to complete this project. Our team dynamics were very well balanced. We all worked together whenever an issue occurred and split up our work evenly. I really enjoyed my experience with my group members. We had lots of fun but still completed everything in a timely manner. 
 
 Kiara Sunil Singh:
 My overall approach to tackling this project was first planning out the classes which I was going to code at a high level and then spacing out the code so I wasn't too overwhelmed at any given point. I also consulted with my group regularly to make sure that our classes were able to work together since a lot of aspects of the game are heavily integrated with each other. Additionally, I made sure to get help whenever I ran into a problem and getting a new perspective on an issue really helped me fix any bugs or logical issues in my code. Something new I learned while coding this project was understanding how to organize the code in a way that each class did not contain something that was unnecessary, especially through using the main class and making sure that each class was only doing the "job" it was supposed to do. If I had unlimited time I would have definitely created more drinks and spaced out the ingredients instead of only having three where all the ingredients could be found in the same location. In addition, I wish we had time to create a method which tracks the score of a player. The most important piece of feedback I received through this project was about creating an ingredient class with its own ingredient constructor instead of creating a hashtable with multiple values. I received this advice from dad while I was attempting to debug some issues with the ingredients. If I could go back and give myself some advice I would say to approach the classes and methods one at a time instead of trying to tackle them all at once in an unorganized manner. This makes the project seem less overwhelming and helps make the code more purposeful and thorough throughout the process. I worked on this project in a group of 3. I would say that working in a group made this project a lot more fun since I was able to consult with my group members any time I had an issue and didn't feel pressured to figure everything out on my own. My team was also very responsible and we balanced out the work well which made things even less stressful. Overall, I really enjoyed working with my group members and felt that we had really positive team dynamics.

Victoria Reyes Borges:
I wanted to approach this project with an open and “ready to learn” mindset, making sure to acknowledge that I would be learning new things and to understate my skills. I learned how hash tables work and the different ways you can connect/pull from different classes, and their methods! I think it would have been fun if the map had some obstacles for the barista. I would try to implement some obstacles along the way for the barista to add difficulty. The most helpful feedback was the way we were dividing our classes, someone recommended having a parent class for the characters which was helpful. I advise myself to make more time to work on my assigned classes and find ways to add difficulty to the game. Our team dynamics were great! We aligned and committed to our scheduled work meetings, took each other's ideas into consideration, and had great communication.
